Add custom pager handling (#299)
stackitcloud/stackit-cli: README.md

You can also edit the configuration file manually.

> ## Customization

Reviewer: Re-structure this section to be more clear like this:
```
## Customization

### Pager

To specify a custom pager, use the `PAGER` environment variable.

If the variable is not set, STACKIT CLI uses the `less` as default pager.
When using `less` as a pager .....

[IMPORTANT] 
....
```

Author: Updated the section structure as suggestion

### Using **less** as a pager

STACKIT CLI uses the `less` as default pager. 
When using `less` as a pager, STACKIT CLI will automatically pass following options
- -F, --quit-if-one-screen - Less will automatically exit if the entire file can be displayed on the first screen.
- -S, --chop-long-lines - Lines longer than the screen width will be chopped rather than being folded.

> - -w, --hilite-unread - Temporarily highlights the first "new" line after a forward movement of a full page.

Reviewer: It's missing the newly introduced argument "-R" for the colors

Author: Added a line to explain the -R option.

>[IMPORTANT]
> These options will not be added if:

> > - The pager is not named `less`.

Reviewer 2: Can't the user pass in flags for their custom pager by setting `PAGER` to something like `less -x`?

> > - The pager is not named `less`.

Reviewer 2: Can't the user pass in flags for their custom pager by setting `PAGER` to something like `less -x`?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> These options will not be added automatically if a custom pager is defined.
```

Author: In the current state of implementation, no args can be passed. Should this be possible? 

If we want to support args, we need to split the env variable content as command and args.

Reviewer 2: Even if the env variable is defined as `PAGER="less -x -y -z"`?

Author: yes, even if we pass args like that

Reviewer: That's weird :thinking:

Reviewer: I would say it's not a must have, but also the other CLIs don't support this?

Author: @vicentepinto98 the one I checked handles the given string differently to detect parameters and pass as args in the exec.command

Author: @joaopalet extended README for the env variables to define parameters as discussed tomorrow :)

You can also edit the configuration file manually.

## Customization

### Pager

To specify a custom pager, use the `PAGER` environment variable.

If the variable is not set, STACKIT CLI uses the `less` as default pager.

When using `less` as a pager, STACKIT CLI will automatically pass following options
- -F, --quit-if-one-screen - Less will automatically exit if the entire file can be displayed on the first screen.
- -S, --chop-long-lines - Lines longer than the screen width will be chopped rather than being folded.
- -w, --hilite-unread - Temporarily highlights the first "new" line after a forward movement of a full page.
- -R, --RAW-CONTROL-CHARS - ANSI color and style sequences will be interpreted.

> These options will not be added automatically if a custom pager is defined.
> 

> > In that case, users can define the parameters by using the specific environment variable required by the PAGER (if supported by pager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In that case, users can define the parameters by using the specific environment variable required by the `PAGER` (if supported).

```

> 

> > For example, if user sets the PAGER environment variable to less and would like to pass some arguments, LESS environment variable must be used as following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, if user sets the `PAGER` environment variable to `less` and would like to pass some arguments, `LESS` environment variable must be used as following:

```
